Document support of OIDC Implicit flow in Kibana. (#45693)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/settings/security-settings.asciidoc

`rp.redirect_uri`::
The Redirect URI within {kib}. Typically this is the

> "api/security/v1/oidc" or "api/security/v1/oidc/implicit" (for the implicit flow) endpoint of your Kibana server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"api/security/v1/oidc" endpoint of your Kibana server if you want to use the authorization code flow or the "api/security/v1/oidc/implicit" endpoint for the implicit flow.
```

`rp.redirect_uri`::

> The Redirect URI within {kib}. Typically this is the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Redirect URI within {kib}. Typically, if you want to use the authorization code flow, this is the
```

Reviewer: Maybe we can lose "typically" here ? It made more sense when we only had one URL to point to in the docs. Now we have two ( granted, with the same prefix ) so there is no "typical" scenario

Author: Yeah, makes sense, update suggestion to remove `Typically`

> "api/security/v1/oidc" endpoint of your {kib} server if you want to use the authorization code flow or the "api/security/v1/oidc/implicit" endpoint for the implicit flow.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
"api/security/v1/oidc" endpoint of your {kib} server. If you want to use the implicit flow,  it is the "api/security/v1/oidc/implicit" endpoint.
```
